- [Instructor] In the previous video,
we created a Java application
that would run as a Lambda function.
In this video, we're going to take that code,
compile it, package it, deploy it,
and then invoke it in an effort to show you
that the operations are really very similar with Java
as they were with Python.
Now I want you to jump into your command-line,
and navigate to the directory containing
your pom file from the previous video.
All right, our first step here is to go to
mvn clean package.
And you'll see, if you read the output,
that the Shade plugin runs, and what this does
is it takes all of our dependencies and, actually,
packages them into the jar file,
so this jar file is a self-contained jar file
that includes everything that is needed for execution.
Now I'm going to do a little ls on the target directory,
just so you can see the java-demo snapshot jar.
The original one is one that has not been shaded,
so it does not contain all the dependencies,
do not use that with AWS Lambda.
So let's go ahead and upload this file now.
So we're going to go to
aws lambda create-function
the --function-name will be java-demo,
we'll pass it as --zip-file
from our target directory java-demo-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar.
You'll notice that I'm sending a jar to a zip-file,
it's perfectly okay because a jar is a zip-file,
it just has some extra metadata with it.
I'm going to use my profile again,
for the same reason I did before.
We'll pass a runtime of java11.
Now we're going to use our roll, that we created
a long time ago, that we're using to execute our Lambda.
So everybody's, here, is going to be different,
but it all comes in the same package.
So, arn:aws:iam::, your account number, the roll
and then the roll name, which I followed the example,
and I used the same name of lambda-ex.
Now we need to pass the handler that we wanted to run,
and the handler is the fully qualified name of the class,
including the package.
So I put it in com.frankmoley.lil.lambda,
and it is called DemoHandler.
All right, let's let that run.
And our function has uploaded, so now we can invoke it.
So let's do an aws lambda invoke, I'll use my profile,
I will send it a function name of java-demo,
I will send a payload
with a count value, let's do seven this time,
and a message: "Hello from Java LinkedIn Learning"
and, once again, because I'm using CLA2
I need to pass it a cli-binary command
and I'm going to use raw-in-base64-out.
I'm going to put this in my target directory,
'cause that's, kind of, good Maven practice
to use that target directory for transient files.
And I'm going to go ahead and cat it out,
just to save me a step at the end.
You can definitely do this as two separate commands
if you would like, but let's go ahead and run this.
You'll see we got a status code of 200,
and then you'll see that we have our executions
which was our Response object that we created,
we simply put the Count back in.
So our Lambda has executed, it printed out all of the data
and all of that data culminated in a Response,
and that really is the basics of running a Java program
as a Lambda function.
You'll see that there are benefits in Java,
but there's also a lot of detriments,
including the size component.
I don't use it a lot, but it is powerful
if you want to use it.